Migrate envoy api v3 (#116)
spiffe/spire-tutorials: k8s/envoy-jwt-opa/README.md

**Note:** The configuration changes needed to enable Envoy and OPA to work with SPIRE are shown as snippets in this tutorial. However, all of these settings have already been configured. You don't have to edit any configuration files.

> ## Expternal IP support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## External IP support
```

> This tutorial requires to have a LoadBalancer with external IP, this can be accomplished using [metallb](https://metallb.universe.tf/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial requires a LoadBalancer that can assign an external IP (e.g., [metallb](https://metallb.universe.tf/))
```

```console
$ kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/metallb/metallb/v0.13.7/config/manifests/metallb-native.yaml
```

> Wait until metallb started

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wait until metallb has started
```

```console
$ kubectl wait --namespace metallb-system \
                --for=condition=ready pod \
                --selector=app=metallb \
                --timeout=90s
```

> Apply metallb configurations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apply metallb configuration
```
